I thought would be nice thing to do just
for today
so they go upstairs never quit bite to
eat yourself yeah just in your hands
you're gonna you're gonna cook for me
you choose your favorites your
specialities I want three dot cake
pudding in he's not having those he's
having four fresh ones of which he's
going to eat too Richard's proud of his
duck cakes with chili jam exotic you
know pretentious crap later my Scotch
eggs and someone's been very lazy in the
kitchen there's a lot of bloody bone mmm
so I'll say that one for later
another East Bay verb combos braised
lamb shank with parsnip crisps straight
clumsy clumsy cooking and lazy elements
the oil on these stinking number has
been changed about through four weeks
the whole meal would set you back nearly
30 quid way too much hey guys the food
was disappointing sadly I did choke
obviously saltador but that was stuck at
the back my throat but however
you know I'm that it was me not paying
customer a restaurant owners best
investment will always be in the chef
and if you haven't got that sort of
major asset downstairs in the kitchen
and forget it the guy's gonna be a
motivator it's gonna be a leader it's
gonna make you money he's gonna bring
customers back and clearly from what
I've seen so far
Neil hasn't got that in Richard that's
pretty obvious